Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_FaceNet_From_Tensorflow.md

![FaceNet model view](../../../img/FaceNet.png)

## Converting a TensorFlow FaceNet Model to the IR

> To generate FaceNet IR provide TensorFlow FaceNet model to Model Optimizer with parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a FaceNet OpenVINO model files, feed a TensorFlow FaceNet model to Model Optimizer with the following parameters:
```

--freeze_placeholder_with_value "phase_train->False"
```

> Batch joining pattern transforms to placeholder with model default shape if `--input_shape` or `--batch`*/*`-b` were not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The batch joining pattern transforms to a placeholder with the model default shape if `--input_shape` or `--batch`*/*`-b` are not
```

> provided. Otherwise, placeholder shape has custom parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provided. Otherwise, the placeholder shape has custom parameters.
```
